oot/README.md, before:

## Custom Player Models For Ocarina of Time Online
Here are custom player models completely developer approved.
## Example Model
### Bombiwa from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Bombiwa.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/Bombiwa.pak)
### Dark Link from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
#### By [CrookedPoe](https://github.com/CrookedPoe)
[![Download](img/DarkLink.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_DarkLink.pak)
### Fierce Deity from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask
#### By [CrookedPoe](https://github.com/CrookedPoe)
[![Download](img/FierceDeity.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_Deity.pak)
### Fierce Deity from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3DS
#### By [CraftyBoss](https://github.com/CraftyBoss)
[![Download](img/FierceDeity3D.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/FierceDeity3DS.pak)
### Kafei from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask
#### By [CrookedPoe](https://github.com/CrookedPoe)
[![Download](img/Kafei.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_Kafei.pak)
### Linebeck from The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Linebeck.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/Linebeck.pak)
### Link from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask
#### By [Neirn](https://github.com/Neirn)
[![Download](img/MMYoungLink.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/MM_Young_Link.pak)
### Malon from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
#### By [AriaHiro64](https://github.com/AriaHiro64)
[![Download](img/Malon.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_Malon.pak)
### Malon from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3DS
#### By [Kimi-Stardust](https://github.com/Kimi-Stardust)
[![Download](img/Malon3D.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_malon3d.pak)
### Thicc Malon Original Character
#### Bt [Kimi-Stardust](https://github.com/Kimi-Stardust)
[![Download](img/ThiccMalon.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/ThiccMalon.pak)
### Megaman Volnutt from Megaman Legends
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Megaman.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/MegamanVolnutt.pak)
### Nia from Xenoblade
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Nia.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzNia.pak)
### Psi-Hate Original Character
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Psi-Hate.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/PsiHate.pak)
### Tetra from The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Tetra.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/Tetra.pak)
### Toon Link from The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/ToonLink.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/ToonLink.pak)
### Aria The Demon Original Character
#### By [AriaHiro64](https://github.com/AriaHiro64)
[![Download](img/aria.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_aria_the_demon.pak)

Commit message:

Add Twilight Princess Link, update readme.

oot/README.md, after:

## Custom Player Models For Ocarina of Time Online
Here are custom player models completely developer approved.
## Example Model
### Bombiwa from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Bombiwa.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/Bombiwa.pak)
### Dark Link from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
#### By [CrookedPoe](https://github.com/CrookedPoe)
[![Download](img/DarkLink.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_DarkLink.pak)
### Fierce Deity from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask
#### By [CrookedPoe](https://github.com/CrookedPoe)
[![Download](img/FierceDeity.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_Deity.pak)
### Fierce Deity from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask 3DS
#### By [CraftyBoss](https://github.com/CraftyBoss)
[![Download](img/FierceDeity3D.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/FierceDeity3DS.pak)
### Kafei from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask
#### By [CrookedPoe](https://github.com/CrookedPoe)
[![Download](img/Kafei.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_Kafei.pak)
### Linebeck from The Legend of Zelda: Phantom Hourglass
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Linebeck.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/Linebeck.pak)
### Link from The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask
#### By [Neirn](https://github.com/Neirn)
[![Download](img/MMYoungLink.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/MM_Young_Link.pak)
### Link from The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess
#### By [Skilar](https://skilarmbabcock.wixsite.com/skilarmodding/tplink64-play-as-twilight-princess-)
[![Download](img/TPLink64.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/TPLink64.pak)
### Malon from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time
#### By [AriaHiro64](https://github.com/AriaHiro64)
[![Download](img/Malon.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_Malon.pak)
### Malon from The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time 3DS
#### By [Kimi-Stardust](https://github.com/Kimi-Stardust)
[![Download](img/Malon3D.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_malon3d.pak)
### Thicc Malon Original Character
#### Bt [Kimi-Stardust](https://github.com/Kimi-Stardust)
[![Download](img/ThiccMalon.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/ThiccMalon.pak)
### Megaman Volnutt from Megaman Legends
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Megaman.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/MegamanVolnutt.pak)
### Nia from Xenoblade
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Nia.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzNia.pak)
### Psi-Hate Original Character
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Psi-Hate.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/PsiHate.pak)
### Tetra from The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/Tetra.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/Tetra.pak)
### Toon Link from The Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker
#### By [Psi-Hate](https://github.com/Psi-Hate)
[![Download](img/ToonLink.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/ToonLink.pak)
### Aria The Demon Original Character
#### By [AriaHiro64](https://github.com/AriaHiro64)
[![Download](img/aria.png)](https://github.com/hylian-modding/Z64-CustomPlayerModels/raw/master/oot/pak/zzplayas_aria_the_demon.pak)
